References:

Bean Huo
Software Engineer
jackyard88@gmail.com

It is my honor and would like to recommend Mikhael Lerman as a candidate for a position with your team. In his position as senior software storage engineer in Micron, Mikhael did an excellent job in this position and was an asset to our software team. Especially, his knowledge and insight on security booting and storage management, he gave us more valuable and useful idea and inputs, helped our customers and Micron gain big benefits.He has excellent linux security booting,NAND/Nor management skills, rich C and GUI programming experience. Most importantly, for his own working management and envrionment, I think, it is very efficient and amazing management technism. I tried to learn that, but I found that it is not easy. when you hire him as your team member, you will understand my said. He is extremely organized, can work independently and is very easy approachable. Being a joy to work with him. During our seurity SPI NOR booting project, Mikhael was leader, and fully responsible for Naxos SPI NOR features implement in Linux and security booting enablement on Xilinx Zynq Zed board. for the first bootloader of zed board, he totally re-wrote it according to his thought. From final performance and security validation, we realized that he made a successful job. Besides this, Mikhael effectively scheduled and supported Trustiphi's Naxos related project, and worked with our customers. But all good things come to be an end, just becuase of our internal re-org, he wants to look for one new oportunity. Anyway, I have every reason to believe that Mikhael will make outstanding performance in any teams, not just for Micron. Yours truly, Bean Huo


James Yu
jyu1999@yahoo.com 
Senior System Engineer 
To Whom It May Concern: I’m very pleased to recommend Michael Lerman as a candidate for a position with your organization. In his position as Sr. Software Engineer, Michael was employed in our company from 2014-2017. Michael did an excellent job in this position and was an asset to our team during his tenure with the company. He has excellent programming and debugging skills; he can work independently, and is able to follow through to ensure that the job gets done. Not only has he been a key player on our team, but he’s also become a close personal friend. During his tenure with our company, Michael was responsible for developing major testing programming and associated parsing tools. These tools, under Michael's development, were implemented for many projects smoothly. Michael effectively scheduled and managed several projects in our team. He also developed a demo system that led customs to understand our product operations in half the time they used to. Michael was always willing to offer his skill and had an excellent support for our team including clients, and other teams if needed in our company. His ability to effectively communicate with all these people via email, on the phone, and in person made him such an asset to our team. He would add value to any company and I recommend him for any endeavor he chooses to pursue. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Yours truly,
